README.md, before:

# CUBA Petclinic

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/blob/master/modules/web/themes/hover/branding/petclinic_logo_full.png"/>
</p>


CUBA Petclinic is a CUBA platform example application dealing with the domain of a petclinic. It is based on the commonly known [Spring Petclinic](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic) example.

The CUBA Petclinic application deals with the domain of a Pet clinic and the associated business workflows to manage a pet clinic.

## Application overview

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/master/img/cuba-petclinic-overview.gif"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/master/img/login-screen.png"/></a>


## Domain model


![CUBA Petclinic Domain model](https://github.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/blob/master/img/domain-model.png)


## starting the application

#### start database
```
./start-db.sh
```

#### start application
```
./restart-server.sh
```

Commit message:

added link to online demo of Petclinic in README

README.md, after:

# CUBA Petclinic

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/blob/master/modules/web/themes/hover/branding/petclinic_logo_full.png"/>
</p>


CUBA Petclinic is a CUBA platform example application dealing with the domain of a petclinic. It is based on the commonly known [Spring Petclinic](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic) example.

The CUBA Petclinic application deals with the domain of a Pet clinic and the associated business workflows to manage a pet clinic.

## Online Demo

You can find the CUBA Petclinic as an online hosted example here: [CUBA Petclinic Online Demo](https://demo4.cuba-platform.com/petclinic)


## Application overview

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/master/img/cuba-petclinic-overview.gif"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/master/img/login-screen.png"/></a>


## Domain model


![CUBA Petclinic Domain model](https://github.com/cuba-platform/cuba-petclinic/blob/master/img/domain-model.png)


## starting the application

#### start database
```
./start-db.sh
```

#### start application
```
./restart-server.sh
```
